# ProjecTree - A tree plantation charity website
Final term project for WEB TECHNOLOGIES course. 

In this system, a company named “ProjecTree” is working as a for-profit organization to restore the eco-system and restore the proper number of trees in the environment. There are four roles in the company; admin, donor, planter and volunteer. The admin can control everyone. The donor will donate money and can ask for the details of the usage of his/her money. The planter will get money from the company to plant trees and look after those trees. The volunteer will supervise the planters of any specific areas they are assigned for. The admin has the most powerful role in the company after the chiefs. Admin can view and edit his profile, volunteer’s profile, user’s profile and donor’s profile. Admin can manage the whole database. The admin can check the tree plantation progress and check the details of planted trees and update the website in real-time. The donor can check and edit his profile, donate money, check where his money has been spent and also can check the updates in his profile of planted trees using his money. The donor can ask to show his/her name on the website or remain anonymous. The planter can check and edit his or her profile. The planter can update the details of planted trees and change the updates whenever he wants. The planter will receive the donation by verifying his or her profile and he or she needs to attach the expenses also. The volunteer can check and edit his or her profile. The volunteer can check his immediate boss’s details and the workers those are working under or with him. The volunteer can update a specific-areas planted trees details and supervise that specific areas. The planter and the volunteer can contact with each other.
